Hello and welcome back to the course.
On a I in the previous part we talked about the deep learning Hillary intuition we started there.
And in fact we actually got all the way to this part and where we talked about learning.
And now we're going to move on to the actual acting part.
So there's in there's two parts two distinct parts that we have to remember.
So that's the learning part but now he actually he's done all of this.
That's beautiful.
No he actually has to take an action.
He has to decide what he's going to do is going to do action one two three or four.
And so how does he do that.
Well the way he does it is now given those same cue values.
So the key values don't change after we've.
We have these key values of compared them with calico.
The laws we bear protected area we've updated the weights but the key values don't change in that whole
process.
So after we've got the key values there they're fixed.
We know what they are sold.
This happens though networks updated and using those same key values that we had.
What are we going to do is we're going to pass them through a soft max function.
And again a soft Max is described in I think in Annex 2 and we'll talk a bit more about soft Max further
down in or we'll talk about this action selection policy further down in the rest of this section.
So just in a few tutorials but for now we're just going to say we're passing it through a soft max function.
Basically what it does is it allows it helps select the best one.
It's select the best action possible and there's a small caveat to that.
It's not just the best on possible.
We'll talk about that in the action selection policy tutorial.
But for now let's just say it selects the best action from here it says.
Okay.
So Q1 you know the likelihood.
Yes basically we know the queue values.
So it's predicted the queue value so it's it can look at them and say okay.
So the highest value out of these just as we did in the simple queue learning algorithm it'll just look
at all these for say the highest key values this one and I'm going to select that action.
We're going to take those and that's pretty much it.
That's how it chooses which action take takes it takes the action and then all of this process happens
again for for the next state the add agent ends up in our case in the next square of the maze.
But generally speaking it's the next state.
So there we go.
That's how we feed in a reinforcement learning problem into a neural network through a vector describing
the state that we're in.
And once we feed it there's two parts of the process that happen.
Part one is the learning.
So remember that part where we compare each of the Q values with the targets and then we back propagate
the loss through the network to update the weights so that our network is learning as we go through
this maze or through this environment and also the second part is of course we have to act we have to
select an action and that is where we pass the key values through soft max function and or basically
an action selection policy which we'll talk about further down.
And then we simply select the action that we want to take and we perform that action.
And then this whole process starts again and then maybe the agent gets then maybe the agent doesn't
pass the the game.
In any case the game ends and then once again the whole whole process repeats the agent plays the whole
game again and then that stopped.
So basically that's that's another epoch every time the agent you know every time the game ends whether
favorably on February that's the end of an epoch.
And then he starts again and then he starts again and then he starts again and so on.
So that happens and this process happens for every single time the agent is a new in a new state.
So the state is encoded here so that's important not just for every single game that he plays but for
every single state.
So he's in a state.
It goes through this process dates and so on and happens every single time.
And so the learning happens and the acting happens as well.
So that is deep.
Q learning in the intuition behind deep learning.
We've got lots more to cover off.
And then of course we get the practical and in the meantime if you'd like to get some additional information
on deep learning we've got a recommended reading so we've already spoken about Arthur Giuliani's series
of blog posts.
If you look at simple reinforcement learning with test flow Part 4 you will find the part that's relevant
to what we discussed today.
Note that here he talks about convolutions we are not covering revolutions in this section we're going
to be talking about them in the next section of the course.
So the difference here is that it's just kind of skip the Coalition's part for now and we'll talk about
them in the next part of the course but the difference is in convolutions You're like looking your agent
is looking at the image and and therefore he has to process an image.
An additional complication for now where we're slowly gradually building up to that.
For now we're encoding our environment through.
So if you look here we're encoding our environment or maybe like look at this one probably encoding
our environment as a or in calling a state the agent is in as a vector.
So in our case was the very simple vector of two values.
Sometimes people even in that in that simple may sometimes or as you'll see from this blog post sometimes
we will prefer the one hot and coded version of that state.
So basically where every single box of the maze has a.
So you have like a vector of four in our case would be 12 values three by four.
So it's like either 1 or a 0 depending on which elements in which box you're in in the environment.
So in whichever way you decide to encode your environment and the state of your environment that's how
encoding it is basically a vector.
The key here is that it's not a convolution so it's not like an image and there's no convolution vote.
So this part will come later.
For us it starts over here and that just simplifies the process for us to gradually understand better.
And of course don't forget that this blog post is an intensive flow and we're using pi torch in our
tutorials so hopefully you enjoyed this quick intro into a deep convolution all deep not convulsion
yet deeper Q learning.
And on that note I look forward to seeing you next time.
And until then enjoy our artificial intelligence.